0   The infamous blockchain scalability issue might be permanently solved by zero-knowledge proofs (ZKPs), which are described in great length in my recent publication. They can offload the main layer-1 network and increase transaction throughput. Using ZKP encryption, some businesses are already developing scalability solutions. You may be familiar with zkSync, Loopring, or Starknet; their teams recently revealed their milestones, sparking a heated discussion regarding scalability.
1   Zero-knowledge rollups (ZK-rollups) bundle many layer-2 transactions that were executed off-chain and submit them as one transaction onto Ethereum, while generating a cryptographic proof. Unlike Optimistic rollups which assume transactions are valid until proven otherwise, ZK-rollups use those validity proofs to instantly prove if transactions are valid or not. The status of all transfers on layer-2 is maintained by the ZK-rollup smart contract, and this state can only be altered with a validity proof. This implies that instead of entire transaction data, ZK-rollups merely require the validity evidence. Because less data is supplied in a ZK-rollup, verifying a block is faster and less expensive. With a ZK-rollup, there are no delays when moving funds from layer-2 to layer-1 because a validity proof accepted by the ZK-rollup contract has already verified the funds.Zero-knowledge rollups (ZK-rollups) bundle many layer-2 transactions that were executed off-chain and submit them as one transaction onto Ethereum, while generating a cryptographic proof. Unlike Optimistic rollups which assume transactions are valid until proven otherwise, ZK-rollups use those validity proofs to instantly prove if transactions are valid or not. The status of all transfers on layer-2 is maintained by the ZK-rollup smart contract, and this state can only be altered with a validity proof. This implies that instead of entire transaction data, ZK-rollups merely require the validity evidence. Because less data is supplied in a ZK-rollup, verifying a block is faster and less expensive. With a ZK-rollup, there are no delays when moving funds from layer-2 to layer-1 because a validity proof accepted by the ZK-rollup contract has already verified the funds.
2   The initial generation event that creates the credentials needed for private transactions and the keys required to verify those credentials is called trusted setup. When such a key is initially created, a secret parameter is assigned between the verification key and the key that carries the private transaction. Suppose the secrets used to construct these keys during the trusted setup event are not compromised. In that case, they might be used to manufacture trades via fake verifications, allowing the holder to do things like produce new tokens out of thin air and use them in transactions. But, of course, there would be no method of verifying that the tokens made out of thin air were indeed brought into existence due to the privacy characteristics of ZK-SNARKs. Having said that, developers should only use the trusted setup once at the beginning. As a result, users of SNARK-based networks must trust that the trusted setup has been performed correctly, which means that the secret associated with the trusted setup key has been destroyed and is no longer in the possession of the people who attended the ceremony. The reliance on settings has been one of the main reasons for disagreement among SNARK critics.
3   ZK-STARKs rely on open randomness and do not need a trusted setup to work. As a result, trust assumptions on the part of users are reduced, and STARK-based protocol security is increased.
4   When compared to SNARKs, STARKs can be computed and verified faster. However, even as the complexity of the underlying computation increases exponentially, ZK-STARKs maintain low proving and verifying times.
5   By providing secure and verifiable off-chain computation, STARKs, like SNARKs, can scale blockchains.
6   Search site with queries looking for new e-mail addresses to send itself to.
7   Manger Icstis
8   Hello ici la Terrestrial
9   Je veux aller sur Mars
10  Michel est mon ami
11  Je veux aller aux USA